README.md, before:

# hashmap-cuda
`hashmap-cuda` is a reimplementation of [`std::collections::HashMap`][1]
and [`hashbrown::HashMap`][2] which utilizes GPU-powered
parallelization in place of the SIMD implementation from [hashbrown][3].

`hashmap-cuda` attempts to maintain the same API as
[`std::collections::HashMap`][1] to allow for it's use as a drop-in
replacement.

Presently, `hashmap-cuda` depends on `std` and is not usable as a
replacement for [`hashbrown`][3] in `#![no_std]` applications.
Adoption for use in a fully `#![no_std]` environment may be done eventually.

`hashmap-cuda` was initially conceived as a final project for students
at [Florida International University's Department of Computing and
Information Science](https://www.cis.fiu.edu/) for their CDA-4101
Structured Computer Organization final project.

`hashmap-cuda` is released under the permissive ISC license.

See: [LICENSE](./LICENSE)

## Differences with `std::collections::HashMap` and `hashbrown::HashMap`
  1. Direct dependence on CUDA for use. `hashmap-cuda` does not fall back on `std::collections::HashMap` or `hashbrown::HashMap` if CUDA is not available.
  2. More `#[inline]` use instead of the `more-inline` feature with the understanding that good performance out of `#[inline]` use is desirable when utilizing CUDA as well for its performance benefits during runtime.
  3. Less abstraction above raw FFI bindings than `std::collections`.

[1]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/src/std/collections/hash/map.rs.html
[2]: https://docs.rs/hashbrown/0.6.3/hashbrown/struct.HashMap.html
[3]: https://docs.rs/hashbrown/0.6.3/hashbrown/struct.HashMap.html

Commit message:

Adding `playground` for checking `cuda` usage.
Updating psuedorandom key generation to use CUDA Curand library.

Copying basic structure of benchmarks from `hashbrown`.

Adding and correcting documentation

README.md, after:

# hashmap-cuda
`hashmap-cuda` is a reimplementation of [`std::collections::HashMap`][1]
and [`hashbrown::HashMap`][2] which utilizes GPU-powered
parallelization in place of the SIMD implementation from [hashbrown][3].

`hashmap-cuda` attempts to maintain the same API as
[`std::collections::HashMap`][1] to allow for it's use as a drop-in
replacement.

Presently, `hashmap-cuda` depends on `std` and is not usable as a
replacement for [`hashbrown`][3] in `#![no_std]` applications.
Adoption for use in a fully `#![no_std]` environment may be done eventually.

`hashmap-cuda` was initially conceived as a final project for students
at [Florida International University's Department of Computing and
Information Science](https://www.cis.fiu.edu/) for their CDA-4101
Structured Computer Organization final project.

`hashmap-cuda` is released under the permissive [ISC license](./LICENSE).

## Differences with `std::collections::HashMap` and `hashbrown::HashMap`
  1. Direct dependence on CUDA for use. `hashmap-cuda` does not fall back on `std::collections::HashMap` or `hashbrown::HashMap` if CUDA is not available.
  2. Due to time constraints, implementation of [`SwissTable`][4] in the library is minimal and could be improved on.
  3. More `#[inline]` use instead of the `more-inline` feature with the understanding that good performance out of `#[inline]` use is desirable when utilizing CUDA as well for its performance benefits during runtime.
  4. Less abstraction above raw bindings than `std::collections`.

[1]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/src/std/collections/hash/map.rs.html
[2]: https://docs.rs/hashbrown/0.6.3/hashbrown/struct.HashMap.html
[3]: https://docs.rs/hashbrown/0.6.3/hashbrown/struct.HashMap.html
[4]: https://abseil.io/blog/20180927-swisstables
